My codepen assignment: https://codepen.io/dino-muratovic/pen/LYVpYKa



<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic tags are more meaningful HTML elements that provide more information about that elements and allows Search engines to recognize them easier.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used for building a structure or foundation for your webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attribute provide more meaning to the elements. Some elements can not function without attribute. Image for an example can not function without src attribute.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 stands for heading and it should be used only once for the most important information.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
  img and anchor tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Title, metatags and link tag
    7. What is an id? 
Id is a special attribute in HTML and is very unique. It's mostly used with JAVASCRIPT although it can be used with CSS too.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
You can add ID to all of the html elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Only once
    10. What is a class? 
Class is also an attribute that specifies one or more class names for that particular element. Mostly used in CSS.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
All of the elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
alt attribute is used within image tag. In case the browser can not open the image alt tag should display the text.
    15. How do I reference an id?
ID CSS selector is #nameoftheid

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section is semantic tag. Div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Cascading Style Sheet is used for adding style to your HTML page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The difference is that ID is uniqure and you can only have one per element. You can have as many classes as you want.

Usage of class in CSS:
.className {
font-size:20px;
} 

Usage of ID in Javascript:
document.getElementById("demo");

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
CSS selector .className {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human {} or p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Parent child selector is targeting a child element inside of another elemenet (parent). Also known as nested elements.
This is useful when you want to be super specific.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Pseudo-classes are CSS classes used to define the state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
divName(or class) {
 border: 1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Universal selector * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*Your comment here*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd - print working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls - list
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm - stands for remove. We have to be careful because it can not be restored.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
To easier work with the teams and have every version of your project saved, tracking all the changes made etc.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
As often as possible and everytime you make a change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the repo, clone it and git clone (link) to your local computer and desired destination. Cd into the new repo.
 Create your own branch with git checkout -b branchname. 
 Make whatever changes you need. Add the changes and have them ready for commiting. 
 Commit with m (message) describing what the change was for the next developer looking at it.
  Git push -u origin branchname(pushes it from your local machine to your branch on github). 
  Select your branch on github with a dropdown menu. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Block element takes a full width of the html body.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Display block : paragraph, div, article. Display inline: span, strong, anchor
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 